privacy.md, before:

# Privacy Policy
Your data always belongs to you, and only you. SingleFile does not collect any data.

## How your data is protected and used
SingleFile does not send any data to our servers or any third parties. All your data is processed and stored locally on your device. If you connect SingleFile to your Google Drive account, data is only transmitted from your browser to Google servers. When saving a page SingleFile needs to inject temporary data into the page to save the page accurately. Because of this, a website may be able to detect you have saved a page on the website with SingleFile.

## Customer support
When you request for customer support, we may ask for your email address to get back to you.

## Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this document. This privacy notice was last updated on November 2019.

## How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy by email to gildas.lormeau &lt;at&gt; gmail.com.

## History
cf. https://github.com/gildas-lormeau/SingleFile/commits/master/privacy.md

Commit message:

added part about the "synchonize options" feature

privacy.md, after:

# Privacy Policy
Your data always belongs to you, and only you. SingleFile does not collect any data.

## How your data is protected and used
 - SingleFile does not send any data to our servers or any third parties. All your data is processed and stored locally on your device. 
- If you connect SingleFile to your Google Drive account, data is only transmitted from your browser to servers belonging to Google. 
- If you enable the "synchonize options" setting, your options will be sent to servers belonging to to the vendor of the browser you are using. 
- When saving a page SingleFile needs to inject temporary data into the page to save it accurately. Because of this, a website may be able to detect you are using or have saved a page on the website with SingleFile.

## Customer support
When you request for customer support, we may ask for your email address to get back to you.

## Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this document. This privacy notice was last updated on November 2019.

## How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy by email to gildas.lormeau &lt;at&gt; gmail.com.

## History
cf. https://github.com/gildas-lormeau/SingleFile/commits/master/privacy.md
